Responsibility towards
Yourself
Work
Humanity
Country
Home

Social responsibility
Moral responsibility
Personal responsibility
Legal responsibility

CSR
Evolution with 4 phases
4 types of CSR detailed
Why CSR for corporates
Benefits of CSR
Corporate  reporting rules
SRC 4 facets and 5 profiles

Waste management
Types and methods of solid waste management
E waste
5 R's of Zero waste

8 features of social marketing Detailed
Types of NGOS based on Orientation and types based on Operation

Types of social change
Alternative sc (minor ascepts) 
Redemptive sc(change in individual) 
Reformation sc(large change)

Phases of personal awarness
Self determination 
Well being 
Self regulation

1.Environment and environmental issues 
2. Waste management - solid, liquid waste management e waste
3. Zero management
4. What is social marketing
5. 8 features of social marketing
6 6 phases of social marketing
7 different between social marketing and commercial marketing
8. NGO organizational structure
9. NPO - difference between NGO and NPO
10. NGO types of orientation and level of operation
11. Social responsibility competencies
12. History and evolution of CSR
13. Government policies on CSR

1.Difference between utopian and piece meal SE
2. Types of responsibility
3. Facets of personal Awareness and their profiles
4. Characteristics of social change
5. Causes of social change
6. Types of Social change
7. Explain ISR with examples
8. Vision and mission

1. What is CSR? give one example of CSR
2. Benefits of CSR towards society
3. Briefly discuss Social entrepreneurs
4.Types of social entrepreneurs
5. Explain the impact of social entrepreneurs 
6.Discuss the role of technology in Social Entrepreneurship
7. Briefly explain the CSR activities of any two corporate.
8. Recall the history of social entrepreneurship. 
9. Construct a business plan for a product of social cause.
10.Briefly explain the CSR activities of any two corporate.
11. How do you deal with the conflicts arising out of cultural differences? Explain with an example.
12.In what way valuing diversity is an important aspect of social responsibility?
13. Discuss the benefits accrued by companies doing the Corporate Social responsibility activities



a. Explain all the characteristics and types of social change with examples?
(OR)
b. Identify and explain two social movements that have created a big social change in recent 5      years.

	a. Explain:	 i) ISR components 	 ii) List of individual responsibilities 
                                                                                       (OR)
      	b. Elaborate the 20 easy ways of your contribution to save the environment.

.	a. Explain the features and phases of Social marketing with examples.
(OR)
b. Examine the major factors contributing to climate change and suggest measures to combat it.

	a. Explain the role of technology in Social Entrepreneurship.
(OR)
b. Discuss the four facets of social responsibility competencies with examples.

 	a. Explain the benefits and types of CSR.
(OR)
   	b. Explain Zero Waste management in detail and Mention its benefits.